org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/Utils.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.Utils
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/Alert.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.Alert
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/MrdtSupport.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.MrdtSupport
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/EmbeddedBrowserActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$1
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$2
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$3
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$4
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$5
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.EmbeddedBrowserActivity$6
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/AppUrlVerifier.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.AppUrlVerification
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.AppUrlVerifier
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/RequestPermissionActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.RequestPermissionActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/MedicAndroidJavascript.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.MedicAndroidJavascript
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.MedicAndroidJavascript$1
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/FreeSpaceWarningActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.FreeSpaceWarningActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/LockScreen.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$1
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$2
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$3
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$4
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$5
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$6
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$7
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockScreen$Task
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.LockableActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/PhotoGrabber.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.PhotoGrabber
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.PhotoGrabber$1
medic/android/ActivityBackgroundTask.java
 medic.android.ActivityBackgroundTask
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/AppUrlIntentActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.AppUrlIntentActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/SimpleJsonClient2.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SimpleJsonClient2
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/SettingsDialogActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.ServerMetadata
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.ServerRepo
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SettingsDialogActivity
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SettingsDialogActivity$AppUrlVerificationTask
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SettingsDialogActivity$ServerClickListener
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/SmsSender.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SmsSender
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SmsSender$1
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SmsSender$DeliveryReportHandler
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SmsSender$SendingReportHandler
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/SimprintsSupport.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SimprintsSupport
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/SettingsStore.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.BrandedSettingsStore
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.IllegalSetting
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.IllegalSettingsException
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SettingsException
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.SettingsStore
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.UnbrandedSettingsStore
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.WebappSettings
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/StartupActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.StartupActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/ConnectionErrorActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.ConnectionErrorActivity
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.ConnectionErrorActivity$1
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/BuildConfig.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.BuildConfig
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/MedicLog.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.MedicLog
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/XWalkMigration.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.XWalkMigration
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/JavascriptUtils.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.JavascriptUtils
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/UpgradingActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.UpgradingActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/ClosableAppActivity.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.ClosableAppActivity
org/medicmobile/webapp/mobile/AlertDialogUtils.java
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.AlertDialogUtils
 org.medicmobile.webapp.mobile.AlertDialogUtils$1
